Introduction
==============

Flother is the personal web site for Matt Riggott.  It's been through many
iterations but now it runs on Python 2.5 and Django 1.1 and is in active
development.  This is the complete source code, released under the GPL v3.0.

It includes six apps that offer a blog, a photo library, geographical locations,
a contact form, file uploads, and Google-powered search.  (See "Features" below
for more information.)  It's fairly specific to my needs but you may find it
useful either as a base for your own site or to help you learn Django.

You can see the code in action at http://www.flother.com/.  For more
information, contact me: http://www.flother.com/contact/.


Features
==========

There are six main apps within the project. The largest is a blog with
Akismet-moderated comments.  Entries are formatted using Markdown and can be
public, private, or draft.  Draft entries can be previewed on the site by admin
users.  Comments can be enabled entry by entry (i.e. one entry can have comments
while another doesn't) and use Gravatar for author photos.

Next are the two tightly-coupled apps photos and places.  Both are currently in
active development and will see a full geocoded photo library with an option to
import from Flickr.

Fourth comes a contact form that emails site admins each time a message is sent.
Akismet is used to check whether or not messages are spam â€” if they are, no
email is sent.  Messages are stored in the database.

Fifth, file uploads.  Files of any type can be uploaded and stored via the
admin.  Thumbnails of images are created and displayed in the admin.  A
Javascript-based interface for using files in blog entries is provided.

And finally, site search.  Google's AJAX API is used (server-side) to perform a
site-wide search and return results on the site itself.


Future work
=============

    * Google sitemap for blog
    * Print style sheet
    * Home page that aggregates site content


Requirements
==============

The blog requires Python 2.5 and Django 1.1 and depends on the following
packages:

    * Python Imaging Library (http://www.pythonware.com/products/pil/)
    * Markdown (http://www.freewisdom.org/projects/python-markdown/)
    * Smartypants (http://web.chad.org/projects/smartypants.py/)
    * G. Raphaelli's Flickr.API (http://pypi.python.org/pypi/Flickr.API)
    * South (http://south.aeracode.org/)
    * Django Compress (http://code.google.com/p/django-compress/)
    * StaticGenerator (http://github.com/flother/staticgenerator)
    * Typogrify (http://code.google.com/p/typogrify/)
    * Participation Graphs (http://github.com/flother/participationgraphs)

Note that StaticGenerator is a fork of Jared Kuolt's original, to allow
Nginx to server up pre-compressed version of the cache.

All these dependencies are listed in a PIP requirements file, requirements.txt,
in the root directory of the repository.


Installation
==============

TODO.
